I"f<p>On Monday as a small group, we discussed personas with respect to Google’s Cardboard VR headset.
We approached the task through reverse-engineering, brainstorming different use cases that we knew of or that we could envision.
We did generate use cases that were pretty traditional for virtual reality in general, such as video games and sharing of experiences. 
However, we sought to focus on those that were particularly suited for Google Cardboard.</p>

<p>One of the use cases was in the classroom, for education.
We envisioned students using VR in the classroom in lessons that would benefit from different means of visualization, most notably in geometry classes.
The compelling reason to use a cardboard headset would be cost.
That is, cardboard is a cheap material and thus not too consequential in the hands of clumsy elementary school students.
Furthermore, to ensure equal participation, all students need access to a VR headset, requiring at least a handful of sets per classroom and thus a need to keep per item costs low.</p>

<p>Another use case we thought of was in the context of professional training.
While on the surface, training in virtual reality is simply more engaging than sitting through a seminar, 
there are compelling reasons that could commit an employer to utilize VR.
Similar to a motivation to using VR in – say – chemistry classrooms, the compelling rationale for utilizing VR in professional training revolves around safety.
Similar to the case in classrooms, scale is an important consideration in using cheaper media.
Furthermore, the goal is to come away with some form of learning.
However, the trainee will most likely have outgrown the clumsiness of childhood and will be interacting less in an exploratory manner.
Given that most trainees will come in with varying degrees of competence, a VR training affords a personalization that is cost-effective to the trainer.</p>

<p>A different use case was in the context of therapy. 
Drawing inspiration from researchers who currently use VR games in cold settings for patients undergoing burn treatment,
VR affords a setting for paliative care and much more.
We also considered VR for psychological therapy, such as a medium for exposure therapy for anxiety or phobias. 
The cardboard in these cases allows for ease and agency in the patient’s submerging into an alternate reality. 
Moreover, it allows for ease of disposability in the interest of sterilisation.</p>

<p>We spent a while discussing and envisioning these different use cases, so we did not get the chance to flesh out our personas. 
We did briefly craft a user for the second case.
They are a new hire as a mechanic in a car factory.
While they have experience as a mechanic in a Ford factory, they are new to this Chevy brand. 
They are highly experienced in this field and thus have high technical expertise, but lack the brand-specific knowledge.</p>
:ET